PintoSim GUI Instructions. 

The GUI version of PintoSim is very easy to run and understand compared to 
the command line version. 

To run the GUI, you have to simply run the GUISim java file located in
src/pintosim/GUISim.java and you will be shown the PintoSim GUI.  

In the GUI, we give users a choice. They can either input the item names to
fetch or add via the input boxes or then can also click the map depending on
what they want.

The GUI also has a status message space that updates itself when different
actions take place. For example, if the user requests an item to be fetched, the
status message will update itself to the relavant message. 

Let's look at the different things you can do with the GUI version of PintoSim. 

-- To Add an Item --

To add an item to the map, you can input the x and y coordinates of where you
want the item to be added and the name of the item. When you are done, you can
press the enter key after inputting the name or click the "Add item" button.

Alternatively, you can also Shift-click the map where you want the item to be
added and the coordinates will be automatically entered in the text fields.
Simply input a name for the item and press enter or click the "Add item" button.

-- To Get an Item --

To fetch an item, the simplest way to do this is to just click on an item you
want to fetch and a Pinto will be dispatched. 

Alternatively, you can enter the name of the item in the Get Item panel and
press enter or click the "Get Item" button. 

-- To Get the Status of an Item--

To get the status of an item, you can simply alt-click or option-click the item. 

Alternatively, especially when the Pinto already has the item, you can input the
name of the item in the Get Status panel and then click the "get status of item"
button. 

-- To Cancel an Item -- 

To cancel an item, you can simply shift-click the item or input the name of the
item you want to cancel by typing in the name in the Cancel Item panel and then
clicking the "cancel item" button. 

If the pinto is already holding the item, and you cancel the item, a confirm
dialog will popup and the Pinto will wait for you to confirm if you want the
item to be dropped on the ground or not. If you confirm this message, the item
will be dropped on the ground and the status will be cancelled. If not, the
Pinto will continue delivering the item to you. 

-- Help Desk --

The user can also call help desk by inputting a query in the help desk text
area. The text area will complain if there are no query entered or if the user
enters less than 3 letters. The text area is built in with scroll bars and a
word wrap so the user does not have to scroll horizontally. When the user is
done inputting a query, they can simply press enter or press the "send query to
help desk" button. 
